ci: two crates uploads (#78)
emqx/flowsdk: README.md

# FlowSDK

[![CI](https://github.com/emqx/flowsdk/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/emqx/flowsdk/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/emqx/flowsdk/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=7VJHFC3JSE)](https://codecov.io/gh/emqx/flowsdk)
[![License: MPL 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MPL_2.0-brightgreen.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MPL-2.0)

**FlowSDK** is a safety-first, behavior-predictable messaging SDK designed for modern distributed systems.

It allows you to build **messaging-based micro-middleware** that runs within your application, communicating efficiently with other apps locally or remotely using protocols like MQTT (v5.0) and gRPC.

> > **Philosophy**: Messaging has costs and networks are unreliable. FlowSDK intentionally surfaces these constraints—errors, latencies, and resource limits—enabling you to build resilient systems that handle failure gracefully rather than hiding it.

Reviewer: Em-dashes without spaces and group of 3 give away AI-generated text.

```suggestion
> **Philosophy**: Messaging has costs and networks can be unreliable. FlowSDK is honest about constraints like latency and resource limits, enabling you to build resilient systems that handle failures gracefully rather than hiding them.
```

## ⚡ Quick Start

### 1. Installation

Add `flowsdk` to your `Cargo.toml`.

```toml
[dependencies]
flowsdk = { version = "0.3.1", features = ["tls"] }
# For QUIC support:
# flowsdk = { version = "0.3.1", features = ["quic"] }
```

### 2. Basic Usage

Here is a minimal example of connecting, subscribing, and publishing.

```rust
use flowsdk::mqtt_client::{MqttClientOptions, TokioAsyncMqttClient, TokioAsyncClientConfig};

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    // 1. Configure the Client
    let options = MqttClientOptions::builder()
        .peer("broker.emqx.io:1883")
        .client_id("flowsdk-example")
        .keep_alive(60)
        .build();

    // 2. Create the Client
    let client = TokioAsyncMqttClient::new(
        options, 
        Box::new(|ev| { println!("Event: {:?}", ev); Box::pin(async {}) }), 
        TokioAsyncClientConfig::default()
    ).await?;

    // 3. Connect
    client.connect_sync().await?;
    println!("Connected!");

    // 4. Subscribe
    client.subscribe_sync("hello/flowsdk", 1).await?;

    // 5. Publish
    client.publish_sync("hello/flowsdk", b"Hello from FlowSDK!", 1, false).await?;

    Ok(())
}
```

---

> ## 📖 Documentation Index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Documentation Index
```

Detailed documentation is available in the [`docs/`](docs/) directory.

| Document | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> | **[Client API Guide](docs/TOKIO_ASYNC_CLIENT_API_GUIDE.md)** | **Start Here**. Complete reference for the `TokioAsyncMqttClient` API. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Client API Guide](docs/TOKIO_ASYNC_CLIENT_API_GUIDE.md) | **Start Here**. Complete reference for the `TokioAsyncMqttClient` API. |
```

| **[Async Client Architecture](docs/ASYNC_CLIENT.md)** | Deep dive into the event-driven design and callback system. |
| **[Builder Pattern](docs/BUILDER_PATTERN.md)** | Guide to using the configuration builders for options and commands. |

> | **[MQTT Session](docs/MQTT_SESSION.md)** | Explanation of session state, inflight buffers, and persistence. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [MQTT Session](docs/MQTT_SESSION.md) | Explanation of session state, inflight buffers, and persistence. |
```
